Fixed broken link - 2024.07 (#10177)
gardener/gardener: docs/concepts/node-agent.md

This section describes how the `gardener-node-agent` is initially installed onto the worker node.

> In the beginning, there is a very small bash script called [`gardener-node-init.sh`](../../pkg/component/extensions/operatingsystemconfig/original/components/containerd/templates/scripts/init.sh) (deprecated), which will be copied to `/var/lib/gardener-node-agent/init.sh` on the node with cloud-init data.

Reviewer: The entire link is broken, it should be:

```suggestion
In the beginning, there is a very small bash script called [`gardener-node-init.sh`](../../pkg/component/extensions/operatingsystemconfig/nodeinit/templates/scripts/init.tpl.sh), which will be copied to `/var/lib/gardener-node-agent/init.sh` on the node with cloud-init data.
```
